To synchronize this and make sure that our template is connected to this programmatically created form.
We use a bunch of directives which are unlocked by adding the reactive forms module to our energy module
here.
First of all we want to use a form wrapper again so I'll add does form element the regular form H html
element around my entire grid that contains all these form inputs on this form wrapper I will add a
new directive form group to which I bind dynamically and this will point at my form property and that
is just that form we're creating programmatically here.
So now does overall form is subject to that but of course I need to tell angular which of my programmatically
could created controls your belongs to which template control because it does not automatically try
to figure that out.
And honestly it would have a hard time because whilst for us humans it's pretty clear that this is our
title because we have that label here.
It's not really that clear that this input here should hold the value for this title control and it
would be pretty bad if Anglo would make such guesses.
So instead we tell it by adding the form control name directive to that input without square brackets
just binding to a string here and that should be the name you chose as a key name here in your form.
So title description prize date from end date to these are the names I chose there and these are the
names I now have to use here.
So I'll find this title and this tells angular that in this form this input belongs to the title form
control.
Of course I'll do the same for it as text area here.
They're all add form control name and set as equal to description which was the name I chose and TypeScript
and for the prize here it's form control.
Name price again using that name I set up there in typescript.
Now for the dates it's no different.
Here I add form control name date from and for the second day time I use form control.
Name date 2.
And that is it.
Now we connected the form to the form and TypeScript and the result can already be seen if I now go
to on create offer and there I don't cancel lock this text but instead I can console log this form here
if we do that let's wait for that to reload and I click this checkmark we need see the form control
of the form group excuse me and under the controls we see date from day to descriptions on and we also
see that in the value object down there.
Here we get these same fields.
Now if it cleared a console and I enter a title and some description and a price that is 0 to start
with and then I'd choose a date let's say here 1st January 2020.
And it is available all the way to December thirty first two thousand twenty one.
For now it does checkmark.
We see that under value we can see these values we chose there all as how we get that date and we also
see that the price is zero but that the overall form is not valid because of that price which is also
marked as red.
If I set this to 100 here now it does looks better and now if it cleared the output and submit this
again we see that overall validity is true and we still see all the value is here.
So that is how we can now work with this form.
We don't need to pass it as an argument in our submit function because it already isn't a typescript
code.